adding process info on rfc folder (#1336)
elastic/ecs: rfcs/PROCESS.md

Each RFC is represented as a markdown document following a prescribed template that gets committed to the repo. Each stage of the RFC is represented as a pull request against that document.

> Every RFC should also have a corresponding folder (named after the RFC number) in [rfcs/text/](./text/). The folder should contain the proposed schema changes as standalone YAML files, or extended example mappings and larger source documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If proposing new fields or changing existing fields, the RFC should also have a corresponding folder (named after the RFC number) in [rfcs/text/](./text/). The folder should contain the proposed schema changes as standalone YAML files or extended example mappings and larger source documents.
```

I think most RFCs will be adds/changes, and having the directory will be necessary. There may also be cases, like removing fields, where it's probably not needed, though. 

Also, a minor grammar nitpick.
